Don't rob me
Today, this young master must take down Ruyan
Girl's effluent
What are you?
Also worthy of face
The girl's father is Zhang Han, the official official
Prime Minister Li's right-hand man
Do you think this young master is worthy?
It turned out to be Mr. Zhang
The villain has no eyes
Humph
This auction is not a fight
Just have money
Boy, you don't put this young master in your eyes, do you?
I don't even care about your father
Since you dare to bleed to death in front of this young master
Believe it or not, I'll find someone to kill you
Come on, come on, you kill me.
Somebody drag him out and beat him to death
Humph
Wait, today is my big day
I also hope that the two young masters will give Ruyan a face
For the sake of the smoky girl
I will spare your life
Oh, if it wasn't for the girl Ruyan,
You've already died 10 times
If the two young masters want to be my soldiers who enter the wood
But it wasn't easy.
Not only talented
And talented